["Thumbs up after installing this SSD drive now my pc is super fast unlike earlier booting time with the normal Hard Disk was 1minute now with SSD drive 5 seconds only now i instal this whole 120 GB SSD drive as Windows partition only plus my existing 1TB Hard disk as secondary drive (My Pc configuration Corei3 2.93 Ghz Intel Processor, 8GB Ram DDR 3, 2GB Ati Radeon 6250 Series, 1 TB Seagate SATA HDD) and apart of that doing video editing and photo editing also was quite faster and smoother esp...", "Fairly decent storage. Far superior speeds than traditional hard disks but not as fast as WD-Black or Samsung-Evo SSD's. Beware that the speeds mentioned in the product description are sequential read/write speeds and the real time 4k read/writes are far less.. Overall good purchase for users who don't want to burn pockets to experience speedy SSD performance", "This product comes with 111 GB of storage.This is not 10 times faster than HDD in practical usage. You can have 2 to 3 times faster speed than your HDD.My first windows 10 installation took almost 10  mins. Normal boot up takes almost 10 secs, shutdown takes 2 secs.Max speed received while copying: HDD to SSD: Above 100 MbpsUsb 2.0 to SSD: Above 20 mbps**My system Config: i3-540; 4gb DDR3**Great SSDValue for Money", "Super Speed very nice.my laptop now look like super computer.thanks to seller for selling in cheaper price", "Amazing performance \ud83d\udc4chighly recommended.if you have an old laptop and you want to increase it's performance, then definitely go for it.suggestion for better performance:-i) install fresh windows in it. don't try to move your old windows files in it.ii) install it in your main SATA Port. if you want to use your HDD too then put your HDD in caddy, not this one.", "Excellent value for money product. I buy this SSD in Flipkart big billion sale for 1300 rupees. For that price this offering me a lot. The product quality is good packaging quality was excellent.Now saying about the SSD. this Kingston SSD has speed of 500 MB/s. for the past I am using Seagate barracuda 1TB HDD. the booting time of my PC is 40+sec while I am using HDD, but now after switching SSD it is now 8sec. I feel the PC is became more fast. App loading is much faster, games are now loa...", "Flipkart as usual Perfect & on time delivery. I upgraded from my 1 TB WD hdd. This SSD is fast & furious.Compared with Asus EX 32m Gaming MB & Zotac 710 DDR3 GPU its lightning fast. Boots my win 10 in 15 seconds (4 gb ram). Everything is quick.  Enough for Photoshop & Light room users.", "so far so good. Installed win10 pro on it and working without any issue from past 5 months in my desktop. Win 10 1803 Boot time is 11 to 14 seconds (normal HDDs will take around 25 -30 seconds to boot) . Shutdown happens within 5-10 seconds. Big apps like Photoshop get launched quickly compared my seagate baracuda HDD. Value for money if you get it below rs.1.8k.But SSDs are not as faster as you see on YouTube channels ! Those videos are just exaggerations..Btw, it's always good to have SSD...", "good product works super good and very fast", "Best in this price. It boosted my 8 year old PC. My PC boots up faster than my i5 8th gen laptop, where my PC only has i3 2nd gen. \ud83d\ude01 Internet browsing is breeze (8-10 tabs). I use Spyder and IntelliJ ide on my 8 year old PC and it's just killing the app loading time. It's small, lite-weight and it doesn't heats up in heavy usage. Buy it for a cheap boost for your machine."]